gustavo guzm치n introduced the new technician
atlas tom치s boy in the frame of the
court of freddo pistache towers of
club atlas colomos and after a
Waiting week
the group exit manager said very
excited for having signed the boss for
his part tom치s boy expressed his joy
go back to the academy bench
time he said he did not renew his contract
with atlas last semester because
I needed a break from fighting for the
decline
it's an honor to be again
in this organization and of course
and enter fully into this new project
I feel very honored to have been
chosen as part
to be able to carry it forward in the
better terms and of course in the
mission to be in the atlas with which
I have tremendously done my job
because I found
in a very good environment to work and
the players that I worked with
they gave great satisfactions is a
important bar and that's why they call me
precisely to be able to participate and
can give the same results what
if in the circumstances they are
completely different
but there is the intention that to achieve
at least amounts of points
Similar
to which we believe that a team that no longer
achieves for the first time what can return to
achieve and having the same base no no
I see this I do not see what can not be done
but if you are going to need a lot
work in that yes the same as the
resignation last time there are never two
shoulders are 200 equal partners
the purpose of it
he did not tell me
I regret it because the wear for
save this team from the descent in the
circumstances was very difficult
I feel like I needed to rest
I think it was enough and more
it was good
with information from alberto gonz치lez e
images of the calf francisco of the
record cross of b